OCPBUGS#7489: Webhook OpenShift timeout cannot be increased above 13s (#56441)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/admission-webhooks-about.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> The default webhook highest timeout value in {product-title} is 13 seconds and cannot be increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum default webhook timeout value in {product-title} is 13 seconds, and it cannot be changed.
```

Author: Addressed
